Document endpoint values "" and "?" in CLUSTER SHARDS and SLOTS (#2420)
redis/redis-doc: commands/cluster-shards.md

A NULL value for the endpoint indicates the node has an unknown endpoint and the client should connect to the same endpoint it used to send the `CLUSTER SHARDS` command but with the port returned from the command.
This unknown endpoint configuration is useful when the Redis nodes are behind a load balancer that Redis doesn't know the endpoint of.
Which endpoint is set is determined by the `cluster-preferred-endpoint-type` config.

> The endpoint may also be the string `"?"` if the node is configured to use hostnames as the preferred endpoint type but no hostname is configured using `cluster-announce-hostname`.
> This is considered a configuration error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value `?` will be displayed if the node is incorrectly configured to use announced hostnames but no hostname is configured using `cluster-announce-hostname`.
```

An empty string `""` is another abnormal value of the endpoint field, as well as for the ip field, which is returned if the node doesn't know its own IP address.

> This can happen in a cluster that consists of only one node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can happen in a cluster that consists of only one node or the node has not yet been joined with the rest of the cluster.
```
